DOCS-7250 copy to edits (#38)
mulesoft/docs-service-mesh: modules/ROOT/edits/manage-apis-with-service-mesh.adoc

= Managing APIs with Anypoint Service Mesh
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: service mesh, microservices, manage APIs

image::manage-service-mesh-breadcrumb.png[]

> After you configure Anypoint Service Mesh, you can manage both Mule and non-Mule applications from Anypoint API Manager, including applying policies to secure your microservices and viewing analytics data regarding the usage of your APIs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you configure Anypoint Service Mesh, you can manage both Mule and non-Mule applications from Anypoint API Manager, including applying policies to secure your microservices and viewing analytics about your API use. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

== Apply Policies to Your APIs

> Not all policies available in Anypoint Platform are applicable to Anypoint Service Mesh. Only a subset of those policies apply. Additionally, the configurations within each of the policies that are applicable to Anypoint Service Mesh also differ from the policies that are applicable to Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all policies available in Anypoint Platform are applicable to Anypoint Service Mesh. Additionally, the configurations within each of the policies that are applicable to Anypoint Service Mesh differ from the policies that are applicable to Anypoint Platform.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> For example, you can apply the Rate Limiting policy to define the number of requests that you want your service to receive within a specified period of time.

Reviewer: How is this an example of the configuration applicability difference: of the sentence directly above?

Author: Noted, will find out.

To apply policies:

> . Navigate to *API Manager* and select the specific API instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate to *API Manager* and select your API instance.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . From the left navigation, *select Policies > Apply New Policy*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the left navigation, *select Policies > Apply New Policy*:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+
image::select-policies-for-service-mesh.png[]
+
. Select any of the following policies to secure your APIs: 
* *Client ID Enforcement* 
* *JWT Validation* 
* *Rate Limit* 
* *Rate Limit SLA-Based* 

image::apply-client-enforcement-policy-service-mesh.png[]

For more information about how to apply policies, see the specific policy documentation.

== View Analytics Data for Your APIs

> You can monitor the usage of your APIs to determine various aspects of their performance. For more information about how to view the analytics data, see xref:api-manager::analytics-landing-page.adoc[API Analytics Dashboard].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can monitor the use of your APIs to determine various aspects of their performance. For more information about how to view the analytics data, see xref:api-manager::analytics-landing-page.adoc[API Analytics Dashboard].
```

Author: Not it is usage not use. The use of an API means what purpose it solves, but usage means how many times and when was it called.

== See Also
* xref:api-manager::client-id-based-policies.adoc[Client ID Enforcement policy]
* xref:api-manager::policy-mule4-jwt-validation.adoc[JWT Validation policy]

> * xref:api-manager::rate-limit-1.2.0-task.adoc[Rate Limiting policy]

Reviewer: Capitalize "Policy"

Reviewer: STOP and RESTART HERE to avoid GitHub choke.

Author: Done! Thanks!
